Mon 14374 add partition recommendations (#1730)
centreon/centreon-documentation: cloud/installation/prerequisites.md

| RAM                         | 4 GB      |
| HDD                         | 40 GB     |

> It is recommended to partition the poller disk to prevent it from becoming full and unusable (for instance, in case of retention issue).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended to partition the poller's disk to prevent it from becoming full and unusable (for instance, in case of retention issues).
```
